Improved and added documentation (#135)
michalkonecny/robust-plots: docs/syntax.md

# Expression Syntax

> In robust plots the expression input only certain input text is accepted. Each expression input is dependent on a single variable. For function plots it is `x` and for the parametric plots it is `x` or `y`. This doc explains the syntax of expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In robust plots the expression input only certain input text is accepted. Each expression input is dependent on a single variable. For function plots it is `x` and for the parametric plots it is `t`. This doc explains the syntax of expressions.
```

## Literal values
In the expressions literal values like `2` can be added in. The parser will evaluate decimal values like `3.4`. Note that negatives will be parsed as negatives if there is no value to the left of the operator. To circumvent this wrap the negative value with parentheses like this `(-3)`.

## Constant variables
There are constant values that can be used as operands in the expressions.
- `pi` : Pi
- `e` : e

## Unary values
Unary operators are prefix notation and depending on the function expect there operand to be wrapped in parentheses.
- `-` : Negation [`-(20) = -20`]
- `abs` : Absolute [`abs(-25) = 25`]
- `sqrt` : Square root [`sqrt(25) = 5`]

> - `e^` : Exponent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `e^` : Natural exponential
```
